URL: https://gigalogy.com/
Text: Gigalogy | Empowering Businesses to Unlock the Full Potential of AI 日本語 Home Product Gigalogy Personalizer Platform Use Cases MyGPT Platform Use Cases G-Core Platform SmartAds Platform Use Cases Company Corporate Profile Our Mission Our Team Career NEWS Press Room Events Experience Box Contact Us 日本語 Bridging the Gap Between Technology and User Experience Empowering Businesses to Unlock the Full Potential of AI Get started Trusted by Our Products Our solutions are easy to integrate into web and mobile applications. They are affordable and designed to maximize end user satisfaction, brand loyalty, and business revenue. Omnichannel Personalization for E-Commerce Businesses Using our state-of-the-art AI engine, we transform E-Commerce businesses by enhancing product discovery, user engagement, revenue growth, and LTV. Learn more Personalized GPT Application Development Platform An innovative platform that empowers you to train and manage your very own GPT (Generative Pre-trained Transformer) models. Unlock the potential to build intelligent applications tailored to your specific needs. Learn more Revolutionize Your AIOps with Our Fully Managed Infrastructure G-Core is a fully managed, end-to-end automated AIOps solution. It ensures a smooth journey for businesses to host, train, deploy, and integrate their machine learning solutions into production environments. Learn more AI-Driven Programmatic Advertising Management Platform SmartAds is a programmatic advertising management platform that uses Artificial Intelligence to predict the optimum way of setting up digital campaigns, adjusting budget, measuring performance cross-platform in real-time and ensures optimum ROAS with transparency. Learn more Why Gigalogy ? Produce high impact outcomes much more efficiently (time & cost) and with greater value. Build services quickly that transforms data into business impacting decisions. State of the Art AI Solutions We provide state-of-the-art AI solutions for various industries. User-First Approach For every feature we build, our focus is always on the end-user experience. Highly Customizable Solutions Our block module architecture allows for customization according to customer needs in a short period of time. What's New? February 1st 2024 Our CEO participated in startup accelerator X-Hub Tokyo London program, in partnership with JETRO and L-Marks. Our goal for 2024? Forging strategic partnerships and building investor relations in the UK to fuel our growth. Read More ▶ Watch Now December 20th 2023 "Honored by the incredible opportunity we had to showcase Gigalogy's Personalization platform at Web Summit! On November 16th, our CEO, Mosleh Uddin, took the stage at the Startup Showcase pitch competition, sharing a glimpse into our journey and solutions that strive to make a difference." Read More December 14th 2023 Just wrapped up an insightful event with our partner Cross Compass, Ltd., exploring the frontiers of "Generative AI for the Manufacturing Industry." Here's a glimpse into the highlights and key takeaways of yesterday's talk. Read More December 13th 2023 We are thrilled to announce that we will be co-hosting an exclusive event with our partner, Cross Compass, Ltd., at our office on Wednesday, December 13th. Read More November 30th 2023 Our CEO, Mosleh Uddin, delivered an insightful pitch on stage, unveiling how our personalization platform can propel e-commerce businesses to new heights. Read More November 16th 2023 Our CEO, Mosleh Uddin, delivered a quickfire presentation to the audience at the Startup Showcase. The occasion for innovative startups to seize the spotlight, Read More Read More Experience Box Episode 3: Becoming an AI Professional In our previous episodes, we’ve explored the motivations behind venturing into the AI business and the crucial considerations when starting a company. Now, our focus shifts ... Read More Episode 2: The Birth of “AI Solutions for Digital Products: Gigalogy AI Platform” In the second episode of my journey, I found myself pondering a groundbreaking idea as a product manager. Back in 2017, the potential ... Read More Episode 1: My Journey to Japan and the Beginnings of My AI Adventure In the first episode of my story, I want to take you back to the beginning, when my fascination with Artificial Intelligence (AI) first ... Read More Introduction to AI-driven Personalized Search Engine Search engine makes it easy for users to find products and information relevant to their needs. Your application must have a search tool if you want to enhance the user’s ... Read More Don’t feel guilty for being a fashion addict anymore Have you always dreamed of making money during your shopping? It seems your dream has come true ... Read More Gigalogy makes AI accessible to everyone Gigalogy launched “Gigalogy AI Platform (GAIP)”, to dramatically facilitate AI development Gigalogy, a user experience first company ... Read More Read More Are you ready to start building applications with greater value? GET STARTED Our website use cookies to improve your experience. OK REJECT product Gigalogy Personalization MyGPT G-Core SmartAds Developers company Corporate Profile Our Mission Our Team Careers press & contact Request a Demo Press Room Events Experience Box developers Partner Program Recommender - Sandbox Recommender - Documentation Recommender - Tutorial © 2022 Gigalogy Inc. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Commercial Disclosure
--------------------------------------------------
