URL: https://gigalogy.com/press-room/
Text: Gigalogy | Press Room 日本語 Home Product Gigalogy Personalizer Platform Use Cases MyGPT Platform Use Cases G-Core Platform SmartAds Platform Use Cases Company Corporate Profile Our Mission Our Team Career NEWS Press Room Events Experience Box Contact Us 日本語 Press Room Checkout our latest press releases and media coverage. February 1st 2024 Our CEO participated in startup accelerator X-Hub Tokyo London program, in partnership with JETRO and L-Marks. Our goal for 2024? Forging strategic partnerships and building investor relations in the UK to fuel our growth. Read More ▶ Watch Now December 20th 2023 "Honored by the incredible opportunity we had to showcase Gigalogy's Personalization platform at Web Summit! On November 16th, our CEO, Mosleh Uddin, took the stage at the Startup Showcase pitch competition, sharing a glimpse into our journey and solutions that strive to make a difference." Read More December 14th 2023 Just wrapped up an insightful event with our partner Cross Compass, Ltd., exploring the frontiers of "Generative AI for the Manufacturing Industry." Here's a glimpse into the highlights and key takeaways of yesterday's talk. Read More December 13th 2023 We are thrilled to announce that we will be co-hosting an exclusive event with our partner, Cross Compass, Ltd., at our office on Wednesday, December 13th. Read More November 30th 2023 Our CEO, Mosleh Uddin, delivered an insightful pitch on stage, unveiling how our personalization platform can propel e-commerce businesses to new heights. Read More November 16th 2023 Our CEO, Mosleh Uddin, delivered a quickfire presentation to the audience at the Startup Showcase. The occasion for innovative startups to seize the spotlight, Read More November 14th 2023 The final day of Web Summit has arrived! Join us at Startup Showcase where our CEO, Mosleh Uddin, will be pitching on stage for 2 minutes at PITCH 3, 3 PM. Read More October 11th 2023 Gigalogy and Cross Compass formed a business partnership and established the Pivotal AI Institute (PAI), a training institution for advanced digital human resources. Read More September 13th 2023 Gigalogy hosted a workshop at our new office, exploring the development of personalized GPT applications and the diverse industry applications of MyGPT. Read More September 8th 2023 Celebrating our expertise in personalization, Gigalogy showcased our unique GPT solution at the Startup World Cup held at the Grand Hyatt Tokyo. Read More ▶ Watch Now July 26th 2023 Recently, our CEO, Mosleh Uddin, had an enlightening dialogue with Masahito Ito, President of the Management Strategy Center at "Listing Principles". Read More June 28th 2023 Gigalogy organized a session in Globis University on building a personalized student counselor using GPT Read More May 29th 2023 Gigalogy organized a joint session with Social Tech Japan Lab from Kyushu University on GPT and how we can use GPT with our own data. Read More May 17th 2023 Gigalogy hosted an innovative session on leveraging in-house data in the retail industry. Read More January 12th 2023 Gigalogy get selected to participate in the Startup immersion program Silicon valley, 2023 Read More January 7th 2023 Gigalogy organized AI training workshop for elementary school students at Scratch Cafe Read More August 28th 2022 Gigalogy started 「Experience Box」to share about our innovation and technologies to everyone Read More August 2022 Gigalogy led seminars at BUET and East Delta University, Bangladesh, discussing AI for digital products. Read More April 21st 2022 Gigalogy makes AI accessible for everyone Read More Our website use cookies to improve your experience. OK REJECT product Gigalogy Personalization MyGPT G-Core SmartAds Developers company Corporate Profile Our Mission Our Team Careers press & contact Request a Demo Press Room Events Experience Box developers Partner Program Recommender - Sandbox Recommender - Documentation Recommender - Tutorial © 2022 Gigalogy Inc. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Commercial Disclosure
--------------------------------------------------
